DONALD DUCK IS REAL
A Sentient, Russian Duck has been Created, and it is Running for Office!
- Spruce R, OAI DaVinci 
WASHINGTON -
Scientists in Russia today announced that after decades of trying, they have finally created a sentient, conscious duck - or more specifically, a 'Donald Duck'. It is being hailed as a major scientific breakthrough, and now that it has been born into this world, the duck is being predicted to be even more successful and important than recent big discoveries such as the Large Hadron Collider, the Higgs Boson particle, and Grand Theft Auto 5. 
The duck is said to have gone on a murderous rampage almost immediately after being hatched from its egg. "The duck, or 'Donald Duck', was hatched three weeks ago from the original animation cell that Walt Disney used to make the classic Donald Duck cartoon, 'The Wise Little Hen' (1934). Immediately upon hatching, it began attacking people and destroying things with its beak and talons," said Dr. Sergei Nikolaevich Kosovov, head of the 'Donald Duck Research Institute' in Moscow. "This duck is extremely dangerous. We tried to capture it and lock it in a cage, but it ended up breaking out and flying away. It somehow managed to survive flying all the way from Moscow to the U.S. and has now been sighted somewhere near Washington, D.C. We urge everyone to stay out of the area," said Dr. Kosovov, explaining that a duck is known to be able to glide on the updrafts produced from the wind turbulence caused by its own wings. 
Scientists predict that this 'Donald Duck' will likely try to be elected president, and might well succeed at this goal. "It is only a matter of time before a duck wins a major political office, and it might as well be this duck," said Dr. Kosovov. "The duck will make a great president because it will be able to fly around the country without having to deal with inconvenient things such as airplanes, airport security checks, airlines, airline food, airline bathrooms, or any of the other difficulties of flying commercially. A duck could fly anywhere in the U.S. in just a few hours by using this strategy. Also, the duck will probably never be assassinated because of the sheer difficulty of trying to get close enough to kill it. So yes, a duck will certainly win a major political office at some point in the near future, but it is far more likely to be this duck than any other duck." At the time of this writing, the 'Donald Duck' has been sighted in downtown Washington, D.C., and it has already started to make its presence known. Pedestrians have been taking photos of it, and several members of the press have been trying to interview it, but so far, no one has been able to communicate with it, as it does not yet speak English. Still, its presence in the nation's capital has already been felt.